Hello Mr. Jiang
What happened to Miss Shanshan?
What's up?
Something happened to Shanshan, I have to go out quickly
Then you pay attention to safety, okay?
How can you not find it?
No clue at all?
Sorry Mr. Jiang
That person is too hidden
The contact information used is not real name, and it is one-time.
And the person who hurt the lady has already gone abroad overnight
Delete the video
Mr. Zhang pardon me for talking too much
Is that video deleted now or not?
It doesn't make much sense anymore
We knew it too late.
There are already too many people saving videos.
Can't finish deleting
How is Shanshan now?
In bad condition
Dare not see the light
Don't talk
Who did it?
Xiaoya
I've been meaning to ask you a question
What's the problem?
Shanshan
Did you do it?